I'm finished eating
Finished eating, okay?
Then you can die
Dare to charge protection fee with Jianzun
This is the first time I've heard of it.
Ah!
Did you ask someone to collect protection money?
No, I don't.
He hates bullying the weak
Their lives are already difficult
You still bully them with your might
Is this what men do?
No, no.
It's me who will be strictly disciplined in the future. Please take care of it.
Or I'll put them all on
Yes, there are still those who charge protection fees.
I won't do it
You handle it yourself, yes.
The lady boss's gang took you
And how much did the other vendors on the street cost in total?
Get it all back from this person
One less point, I want his life
Thank you big brother thank you big brother
It's okay, I also came from a weak place
Honey, I'm full
Let's go back.
What are you doing back?
What did you say you were going back to do?
Oh, I see.
Let's go, I'm going to have a baby